Match generate and purge actions to CMS behaviours (#168)
silverstripe/silverstripe-staticpublishqueue: docs/en/basic_configuration.md

}
```

## Control when child/parent pages are regenerated in cache actions

There are two configurations available, and they can both be set to one of three available values:

> * `regenerate_children`

Reviewer: Need to provide an example of where to set this config so that it can be copy pasted e.g.

```yml
SilverStripe\StaticPublishQueue\Extension\Publishable\PublishableSiteTree:
  regenerate_children: recursive
  regenerate_parents: recursive
```

> ## Control when child/parent pages are included in cache actions
> 
> There are two configurations available, and they can both be set to one of three available values:
> 
> * `regenerate_children`
>   * `none`: Do not include any children
>   * `direct`: Include only one level below (direct children, but not grandchildren, etc)
>   * `recursive`: Include all children recursively (grandchildren, great-gc, etc)
> * `regenerate_parents`
>   * `none`: Do not include any parents
>   * `direct`: Include only one level above (the direct parent)
>   * `recursive`: Include all parents recursively (up to the top of the SiteTree)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Control when child/parent pages are regenerated in cache actions

There are two configurations available, and they can both be set to one of three available values:

* `regenerate_children`
  * `none`: Do not regenerate any children
  * `direct`: Regenerate only one level below (direct children, but not grandchildren, etc)
  * `recursive`: Regenerate all children recursively (grandchildren, great-gc, etc)
* `regenerate_parents`
  * `none`: Do not regenerate any parents
  * `direct`: Regenerate only one level above (the direct parent)
  * `recursive`: Regenerate all parents recursively (up to the top of the SiteTree)
```
I've noticed that the word 'include' is being used alongside the word 'regenerate' as a synonym.  I found this confusing and it's far easier to understand what's going on if we simply replace the word 'include' with 'regenerate' for everything here
